{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Trebuchet MS;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\fnil Georgia;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs29 Nodepad stores its nodes in RTF format. This means that you can edit the files themselves in Word (or just Wordpad), turn them into HTML, and do many other interesting things. But it mainly means that you can make your text \i look nice\i0 .\par
\par
\b Bold\b0  and \i italic\i0  settings are here, like you would expect. You can \highlight1 highlight\highlight2  text, too (\b Ctrl+H\b0 , if you're curious.) However, we threw Underline away: no one actually uses it!\par
\par
\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360 There are lists as well.\par
\highlight0{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}One level deep, and used for\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}writing bad haiku. (\b Ctrl+Shift+L\b0 ).\par
\pard\par
When you type a link: http://like.this/, it becomes clickable. (Says the guy who is advertising his website at http://derefr.googlepages.com.)\par
\pard\par
\cf3\f1\fs18 You can't play with fonts and colors directly, but you can set \b Styles\b0 : a combination of a font, color, text size and alignment. Your styles are stored in your Profile, so they are common to all your Nodepad documents.\par
\cf4\f2\fs20\par
You can edit them by pressing the pencil icon beside the textbox above, which allows you to select a style to use--Nodepad comes with four by default, but you can add, change, or remove them to your liking. They can be re-ordered as well--order is important, because the styles are bound to the Alt+Number keys in the order they appear in the Style editor. For example:\f3\fs28\par
\par
\f0 Select this text, and press Alt+3. It will be reformatted to the \b Header\b0  style.\par
\par
\par
Once you've played with the styles to your liking, get out of this node, and go on to \b Creating nodes\b0 .\cf0\fs29\par
}
