{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}{\f2\fnil Georgia;}}
{\colortbl ;\red64\green64\blue64;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\cf1\f0\fs36 What?\cf0\f1\fs29\par
\par
\b Nodepad\b0  is a \i thought editor\i0 . That is, Nodepad is for the sort of un-polished, un-presentable writing that you do to get ready to \i actually\i0  write: the lists of vague directions to work towards, the little chunks of text you wrote and thought might be useful some day, and the dreams you have for the projects you'll work on "some day."\par
\par
It's also very good for brainstorming, or idea-dumping. If you've ever had a really creative day with no medium to pour your neurons out onto, you'll see just what Nodepad has going.\par
\par
\par
\cf1\f0\fs36 Why?\cf0\f1\fs29\par
\par
Nodepad's philosophy is this: any time not spent writing has been wasted. If you need to take time to reorganize your text to make room for a new section, that's waste. If you have to press the "save" button constantly, that's waste. If you have to spend time thinking about what font you want to set each line to--waste as well. You'll see this philosophy repeated everywhere throughout the editor: Nodepad lets you \i just write\i0 .\cf2\f2\fs28\par
\par
\f1 This is an important focus for a thought editor: a single second spent in some distracting task might have been enough to steal from you not only your concentration and "flow", but also a new direction or idea that was brewing in the back of your mind, destroyed by the disharmony like a popped souffle. Saving time prevents miscarriages of thought.\par
\par
\par
\cf1\f0\fs36 How?\cf0\f1\fs29\par
\par
The main difference between Nodepad and other text editors comes in how you divide up a document. In a word processor like Microsoft Word, you might have headings, sub-headings, and sub-sub-headings, each progressively smaller, becoming harder to manage with each new division.\par
\par
Not so with Nodepad. Instead, you have a \i tree\i0 --a document--filled with \i nodes\i0 --places to write. That's it there on the left. The tree can be reorganized at any time, and collapses down to hide the parts you aren't working with: much simpler than a flat text file, when it's trying to mirror something as messy as your brain.\par
\par
To start off, let's explore the editor itself. Click on the node labelled \b Editing text\b0 .\par
}
