{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Trebuchet MS;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Lucida Console;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green255\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs29 This is a list: with a colon in it.\par
\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360 When we do it this way: the part on the left becomes the title, and the part on the right becomes the node's contents.\par
\pard You: can have as much to the right of the colon as you want, but a new line will end the content. If you want more, look at the \b Paragraphs\b0  node.\par
\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360 Select these four items: and press Ctrl+N. Notice how you can mix bulleted and un-bulleted items; Nodepad doesn't care.\par
\pard\par
\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li360 When you format this side: the formatting gets thrown away. This is intentional; it lets you do nice things like bolding the title side,\par
\b{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Like\b0 : this. It makes these \b definition lists\b0  easier to read.\par
\b{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Select all this\b0 : and press Ctrl+N.\par
\pard\par
When you format: \i this\i0  side, the formatting \b is kept\b0 . Even \highlight1 this\highlight0  kind, or \cf2\f1\fs18 this\cf0\f0\fs29  kind.\par
Select these two: and \cf3\f2\fs16 Ctrl+N\cf0\f0\fs29  them!\par
\par
I'll tell you a secret: periods, exclamation points, question marks, and even more colons are fine on the right side of a definition list. But don't use them in title lists! They become \b paragraphs\b0  then. Do you really want that?\par
}
